Amended the guide for facilitation and added related tasks for each member (#46)
alphagov/data-ethics-and-society-reading-group: Guides/facilitating.md

## Meeting Structure

Meetings are typically 1 hour.  

> It helps to have an event `chair`, `organiser` and  `support` so that one person can chair the meeting and the other two can handle everything behind the scenes. The  `organiser` has set up the event Teams meeting, and sent out invitations for tickets holders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It helps to have an event `chair`, `organiser` and `support` so that one person can chair the meeting and the other two can handle everything behind the scenes. The `organiser` sets up the event meeting and sends out invitations to tickets holders.
```

- Close breakout rooms

`chair`:

- Invite summaries from each group. Hopefully this will provoke some discussion (we usually find we run out of time because of it!).

`support`:

- Post sli.do link for collecting thoughts.

### 50-55 mins

📊 Vote on what to read next time

`chair`:

> - Introduce the slido and explain the deadline for votes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce the slido and explain the deadline for votes for next week's content (if using)
```
